c:\users\superdru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VocablEW\VocablEW\bin\Debug\VocablEW.exe.config
c:\users\superdru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VocablEW\VocablEW\bin\Debug\VocablEW.exe
c:\users\superdru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VocablEW\VocablEW\bin\Debug\VocablEW.pdb
c:\users\superdru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VocablEW\VocablEW\obj\Debug\VocablEW.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\superdru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VocablEW\VocablEW\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\superdru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VocablEW\VocablEW\obj\Debug\VocablEW_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\superdru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VocablEW\VocablEW\obj\Debug\VocablEW_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\superdru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VocablEW\VocablEW\obj\Debug\VocablEW.g.resources
c:\users\superdru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VocablEW\VocablEW\obj\Debug\VocablEW.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\superdru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VocablEW\VocablEW\obj\Debug\VocablEW.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\superdru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VocablEW\VocablEW\obj\Debug\VocablEW.exe
c:\users\superdru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VocablEW\VocablEW\obj\Debug\VocablEW.pdb
C:\Users\SuperDru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VocablEW\VocablEW\obj\Debug\StartButtons.g.cs
C:\Users\SuperDru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VocablEW\VocablEW\obj\Debug\StartButtons.baml
C:\Users\SuperDru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VocablEW\VocablEW\obj\Debug\CheckingWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\SuperDru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VocablEW\VocablEW\obj\Debug\StudyingWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\SuperDru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VocablEW\VocablEW\obj\Debug\CheckingWindow.baml
C:\Users\SuperDru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VocablEW\VocablEW\obj\Debug\StudyingWindow.baml
C:\Users\SuperDru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VocablEW\VocablEW\obj\Debug\windowOfAdding.g.cs
C:\Users\SuperDru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VocablEW\VocablEW\obj\Debug\windowOfAdding.baml
C:\Users\SuperDru\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\VocablEW\VocablEW\obj\Debug\WindowListWords.g.cs
C:\Users\SuperDru\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\VocablEW\VocablEW\obj\Debug\WindowListWords.baml
